---
created: 2021-08-21T15:14:31-06:00
created: 2021-08-21T17:47:40-06:00
type: Journal
---

Coordinating between [[GitJournal]] and [[Obsidian]] is a bit tedious; I am still using GitJournal to see how the structure of the repository changes as I write stuff. I suppose you could say that I don't trust Obsidian quite yet, in terms of [[Data Management]]. At some point, I expect that I will converge onto a workflow that sorts this out.

So right now, [[There is a Mountain]].

A significant aspect of this writing tool is that it is fundamentally a collection of text files and associated images etc in a GitHub repository. Even the most antiquated of my gadgets can handle that. I've set up [[application authentication tokens]] that I can use for the older or less-teustworthy devices. I can basically write stuff on any of the things; I'm writing this with two thumbs on a [[Kindle Fire HD]]. I haven't yet tried to do this on our oldest iPad, but the second-oldest still does the job, even as JavaScript burden grows ever more hopeless -- editing basic stuff in a web browser might be ambitious for the old things.


----

Ok. I just spent another two hours getting to know the app 
[Working Copy](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/working-copy-git-client/id896694807)
. 
It is a heroically comprehensive `git` client for iOS. As such, I was trying to set up local directory synchronization to interface with Obsidian. I got very confused, as is the usual pitfall in the art of sync. I deleted Obsidian ([nuke it from orbit](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/nuke-it-from-orbit)) a couple of times until I got the right setup from Working Copy. I think. I'm not sure. It seems as if it will work.

GitJournal makes it all quite a bit easier, but lacks some of the features that are attractive in Obsidian.
