---
created: 2021-12-26T03:11:53-07:00
updated: 2021-12-26T03:31:16-07:00
title: 'Simplicity - If Not Longevity, then Robustness'
---

Obdurate.

This iPad4 of mine is relatively easy to use for typing with two thumbs. They keyboard size is large enough for me to hit the correct keys most of the time. On my six-inch Android phone, I use the swipe-thling and it works very well. I dont know if it's the amount of relative usage, but in any case, the iPhone does rather less well for me when i use the swipe type method.

But the title is about this here iOS app that I'm using for this typing, GitJournal. It was just updated, and I am pleased to say that it is working just fine on this iPad4. Which I received as a Christmas gift, nine years ago. I would be quite pleased to see this device hit its decade. I used my original iPhone for almost ten years. It's remarkable to me that I only switched to a newer device with a friend's cast-off iPhone 4. That lasted only a couple of years, or perhaps rather the market saturation of the iPhones led to a situation in which I suddenly had a cohort of fellow travelers, very few of whom were willing to make accommodations for older tech.

This is a lesson that I consistently seem to fail to grasp: older tech is *more* difficult than mainstream. No one wants it. Even if they could well use some such device, they know that the first wart or snag may well leave them stranded, and whatever sork they might have invested with the device could be rendered lost to them. It's not worth the risk.

The reason that I fail to learn this lesson is manifold. First, I don't see the bumps, when I encounter a problem I work around it, or enjoy fiddling with it, or otherwise include it in my bag of expectations. I have the mental models in place to understand how the device might operate in an environment of upgrades that have left it behind. Or I prefer simple tools like this here plain text, sometimes MarkDown editor, when all most people have is Microsoft Word.

 Ah, the second reason: I claim tech problems as my calling, a part of my identity. I seek out problems. I may even solve the problems that I encounter, but only if there is a responsible adult in the room with me. Otherwise, I will use what I find and learn from the problem to shed light on some other corner of much-needed darkness.
